Hello everyone and here I sit with a dress
VKontakte I record video for you
Today we have March 3, 14 and start
I'll start this release and I rather not with our
the usual subject about paint a little
back down in general today is birthday
my good friend sparkle
our mind that is our founder
the curve in which I was at school
for a long time already we may not
close but still know him today as
you guessed it
birthday so denis i love you
Congratulations
Successes you in your activities so
How have you achieved something?
everyone can achieve here you understand about
what am I doing here and then do not leave
your ventures think you somehow
transforming here is something interesting for
you again birthday
all the world and now move on to the jar
Today you have a tank mtn 94 94 like this
she looks and so what you get for
220 rubles that's stronger than a crane like this
will be
get in a jar of paint yes I'm like 400
milliliters standard volume matt
paint
if I'm not mistaken to low pressure
native
skinny cup is now very thin from behind here
the cut goes this one just the thinnest
cap produces the same thinnest lines
plastic disc with color indicator
By the way, I broke it now.
this color is black from matt black
This color paint is made hair
firms ntn that is
predecessor this paint was nt and
hard core manufacturer montana colors
And speech again von Barcelona I generally
Spain as far as I know what else to say
So the paint itself is made in Spain
one spain great paint will go for
paradise that for bom-benge for bowling already
You understand that 220 rubles of the form
quite expensive
about rating up to low pressure yet
just show such a tailbone very
pleasant that is, the finger does not get tired you can
long enough to draw lines
damn it does not let me already quite a while
I usually choose black and black
contour then and due to low pressure and
fine lines i'm in complex pieces this
paint punching outlines
great always satisfied
I recommend taking you well too
works like a fat cap or with authors
and with other types despite the low
sfotkay pressure gives enough
thick line and quite quickly covers
surface ie any mingo
talk again too will go if
interesting can feel free to take about that
how does chrome hide
I basically do not know where I heard that
yes somewhere heard that is not very personal and
chrome never tried to cover therefore
I won't speak but otherwise
the paint is just great
all the blood from the first time and even such
there is a moment when you play let's say
some line already threw waited
until they dry
will come start new lines tweet there
another place also paint naturally
will go out
fresh liquid in a jar and not surprised
if you see that you just
put paint on straight glossy
brilliant about which matt dried out
don't worry about it go there
a few minutes it dries and will
equally matt everywhere that is there will not be
excellent students everything will be quite decent
paint say thicker than black like me
it seemed and it is an advantage then
that it practically does not flow
I can even say that it does not flow if you
Of course in one place you will be long
juzat ruler infinite something up
will flow and so there are no complaints
good overlaps
any other paint itself is also very
well overlapped ie for wright
this is important as
draws some through lines
there as where you need first
drew lines then painted over that is
you need to be completely sure that
paint will provide you a decent job
or yes this paint is completely suitable
so take well I was advised to take
only on Wright that is, this bowling
error is fat but if you have money you can
take on a bomber jacket about what
how to work, I think that the frost
bad because mtn hardcore at zero and
just does not make sense to decorate
it instantly flows down so i think with
this paint will be the same
Spain is our country is hot I think there
I do not think I know that there are no such winters
as we have in Russia and of course they
the manufacturer did not take into account this nuance
and thus it is not intended to
Russian winters the rest of the time
let's say from ten degrees of heat boldly
take and everything will be fine remind you
what to ask your questions and answers and here
already under this vidos below
subscribe put likes
tell your friends damn post
VKontakte anywhere in general attract
as many people as possible
so that it makes sense to shoot for you
Something Questions Answers Third
my husband came out in a week later
one will
let them accumulate for those who do not know
write questions under the video
that's under it and everything will be nishtyak under
video is also my page
go to her there
I add all the questions I answer to whom
urgently everyone is waiting for new ones
vidos